# RECAP
Demo for a reconfigurable electrical circuit auto-processing method for direct electromagnetic inversion
Please read the manuscript submmitted to the FICC 2020 and presented in Qingdao at 31st. Oct. 2020, which has bee awarded as exellent reproducible paper.

Summary of RECAP:
Extracting information as much and precise as possible from nondestructive measurements remains a challenge, especially when advanced test applications are emerging in electromagnetic encephalography and high throughput physical property characterization of materials genome chips. To solve the inversion problem, various soft algorithms have been developed such as finite element method, machine learning and artificial neural network, whose performance is limited by indirectly processing of intermediate layers in digital computers. This paper proposes a novel direct method of analog network entity with reconfigurable electrical circuit auto-processing(RECAP), which mainly consists of voltage controlled elements, measurement unit, and automatic feedback unit. During each inversion process, after the test results are input, the circuit network performs initialization, choosing topology, automatically tuning the property for each network element, and finally approaching a convergent solution to user request after some cycles of self-adjustment. Principles and advantages are introduced with several instances, showing high accuracy and stable convergence ability, as well as helping judge whether the topology is suitable for optimization. This method can not only inverse purely loss components, but also inverse circuits containing reactive components. Based on the verification from cases, it is also found that the inversion efficiency of RECAP is linearly dependent on the number of elements N, which is better than the usual mature inversion algorithms. Therefore, it is then concluded as a promising tool for high performance inversion.
